fix: support custom servers using HTTP/2 in production (#12989)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/shy-needles-warn.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: support custom servers using HTTP/2 in production

Author: ```suggestion
fix: support HTTP/2 in dev and production. Revert the changes from [#12907](https://github.com/sveltejs/kit/pull/12907) to downgrade HTTP/2 to TLS as now being unnecessary
```
